Ok let's go again

We first want to measure on a new TILGAD 2x2, so we pick nr 4


09:27: Had a few connection problems, but now it works
The connection crashed at first attempt at IV current, suspecting bad guard ring connection
Redid the probe connections

10:00: We had gotten a lot of connection errors, but now we can do IV measurements.
But the IV measurements don't actually look good. Botht the pad and total currents are very low, and 

10:15: Trying with the TILGAD_6 from yesterday to see if we can even reproduce results. 
The IV doesn't look good, but the CV looks like what we got yesterday

Ok now we can get measurements of IV, the GPIB0 address of the voltage source changed to 13

10:30: So now that it (maybe) works again, we switch back to TILGAD4 to make actual measurements!
We got a nice enough IV curve on pixel 00, but for some reason it didn't want to save :(

Ok nice we got IV and CV for pixel 00.

10:53: Now doing IV and CV for pixel 01, looking good so far.

11:18: We have done IV's and CV's on all 4 pixels now, all looked good at first glance. Now we are cooling down to -20C just to see if the behaviour is the same as yesterday

11:28: Now we tried doing IV for -20C but I forgot to add extra tension to the pad probe :(
So now we're heating up and will cool down again


12:02: So the IV curves for cooled down looks a bit weird. We did two IV curves for -20C, adjusting the pad probe between them, but they had the same systematic weirdness, which is extra weird. It looked a bit like it was a bad connection, but then the behaviour should be more like random, and not systematicaly the same.
It's especially annoying because the CV curve at -20C seems to work quite nicely.
At -10C the IV is even weirder, and the CV curve gets timeout from a current meter at around 20V.

12:11: Now trying for 0C.
WE SEE THE SAME WEIRD PATTERN AS FOR -20C on the IV curve. The CV curve looks very well behaved.
We went back to 20C at the end and it made curves like we had seen earlier today for 20C.


12:45: Now measuring on pixel 0 0 of a 5x5 TILGAD_AIDA_04
It gives a lot of current and hit the compliance quickly

Ok so CV curves look kinda wonky, they give huge currents quickly.
We can do ONE IV curve pr pixel, which looks good (still quite a lot of total current). When you run an IV past the breakdown voltage, then performing another successive IV curve on the same pixel gives HUGE pad current and quickly hits the compliance.
Moving to a different pixel seems to be fine, so to me it doesn't smell like the pixels are interacting in some weird way.

Measuring on pixel 3,3 the pad current didn't do the huge jump

So we did a CV curve on a fresh (non-ruined) pixel=4,0, and the CV curve looks like a CV curve. Still high-ish current (set compliance to 100uA).
Now we're also doing an IV curve on it now.


